README.md, before:

# GroupLang-secretary-bot

GroupLang-secretary-bot is a Telegram bot that transcribes voice messages, summarizes the content, and allows users to tip for the service. It uses AWS services for transcription and a custom API for summarization. The bot is designed to be deployed as an AWS Lambda function.

## Table of Contents

- [Features](#features)
- [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Configuration](#configuration)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Deployment](#deployment)
- [API Reference](#api-reference)

## Features

- Transcribe voice messages using AWS Transcribe
- Summarize transcribed text using a custom API
- Allow users to tip for the service
- Secure handling of API keys and tokens
- Deployable as an AWS Lambda function

## Prerequisites

- Poetry for dependency management
- AWS account with Transcribe access
- Telegram Bot Token
- MarketRouter API Key

## Installation

1. Clone the repository:
   ```
   git clone https://github.com/yourusername/GroupLang-secretary-bot.git
   cd GroupLang-secretary-bot
   ```

2. Install Poetry if you haven't already:
   ```
   curl -sSL https://install.python-poetry.org | python3 -
   ```

3. Install dependencies using Poetry:
   ```
   poetry install
   ```

## Configuration

1. Set up environment variables:
   - `TELEGRAM_BOT_TOKEN`: Your Telegram Bot Token
   - `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID`: Your AWS Access Key ID
   - `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY`: Your AWS Secret Access Key
   - `MARKETROUTER_API_KEY`: Your MarketRouter API Key

2. Configure AWS credentials:
   - Either set up the AWS CLI or use environment variables as mentioned above

## Usage

1. Activate the Poetry virtual environment:
   ```
   poetry shell
   ```

2. Start the bot:
   ```
   uvicorn main:app --reload
   ```

3. In Telegram, start a conversation with the bot or add it to a group

4. Send a voice message to the bot

5. The bot will transcribe the audio, summarize the content, and send the result back

6. Users can tip using the inline button provided with the response

## Adding or Updating Dependencies

To add a new package:
```
poetry add package_name
```

To update all packages:
```
poetry update
```

To update a specific package:
```
poetry update package_name
```

## API Reference

The bot uses the following external APIs:

- AWS Transcribe: For audio transcription
- MarketRouter API: For text summarization and reward submission

Refer to the respective documentation for more details on these APIs.

Commit message:

docs: Add Spanish and Catalan documentation with links in README

README.md, after:

# GroupLang-secretary-bot

GroupLang-secretary-bot is a Telegram bot that transcribes voice messages, summarizes the content, and allows users to tip for the service. It uses AWS services for transcription and a custom API for summarization. The bot is designed to be deployed as an AWS Lambda function.

## Table of Contents

- [Documentation in Other Languages](#documentation-in-other-languages)

- [Features](#features)
- [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Configuration](#configuration)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Deployment](#deployment)
- [API Reference](#api-reference)

## Documentation in Other Languages

- [Español (Spanish)](README_es.md)
- [Català (Catalan)](README_ca.md)

- Transcribe voice messages using AWS Transcribe
- Summarize transcribed text using a custom API
- Allow users to tip for the service
- Secure handling of API keys and tokens
- Deployable as an AWS Lambda function

## Prerequisites

- Poetry for dependency management
- AWS account with Transcribe access
- Telegram Bot Token
- MarketRouter API Key

## Installation

1. Clone the repository:
   ```
   git clone https://github.com/yourusername/GroupLang-secretary-bot.git
   cd GroupLang-secretary-bot
   ```

2. Install Poetry if you haven't already:
   ```
   curl -sSL https://install.python-poetry.org | python3 -
   ```

3. Install dependencies using Poetry:
   ```
   poetry install
   ```

## Configuration

1. Set up environment variables:
   - `TELEGRAM_BOT_TOKEN`: Your Telegram Bot Token
   - `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID`: Your AWS Access Key ID
   - `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY`: Your AWS Secret Access Key
   - `MARKETROUTER_API_KEY`: Your MarketRouter API Key

2. Configure AWS credentials:
   - Either set up the AWS CLI or use environment variables as mentioned above

## Usage

1. Activate the Poetry virtual environment:
   ```
   poetry shell
   ```

2. Start the bot:
   ```
   uvicorn main:app --reload
   ```

3. In Telegram, start a conversation with the bot or add it to a group

4. Send a voice message to the bot

5. The bot will transcribe the audio, summarize the content, and send the result back

6. Users can tip using the inline button provided with the response

## Adding or Updating Dependencies

To add a new package:
```
poetry add package_name
```

To update all packages:
```
poetry update
```

To update a specific package:
```
poetry update package_name
```

## API Reference

The bot uses the following external APIs:

- AWS Transcribe: For audio transcription
- MarketRouter API: For text summarization and reward submission

Refer to the respective documentation for more details on these APIs.
